Hi everyone, My name is Juan Pablo Agudelo Castro, I'm 19 y/o, I live in Rionegro city, I like working out and mostly going on a walk every afternoon.
I am an apprentice at SENA in the technological program information systems analysis and development, also known as ADSI.
In this program, i am learning to specify the requirements needed in order to develop an information system according to customer needs,
Build the system that meets the solution requirements, Analyze the customer's difficulties and then build the information system that will help to solve those difficulties,
and last design the system according to the customer's requests.
When it comes to Database management, i have knowledge in SQL language such as ddl(data definition language), dml(data manipulation language) and querying
data, as a technologist i have the ability to design relational and normalized databases. For database management systems i work with SQL Server and MySQL.
When i develop web apps or webpages, i work with HTML for displaying content in the browser, CSS for styling, besides i got knowledge in Bootstrap and
Materialize which are frameworks used for CSS.

I also work with Javascript for making web apps or webpages dynamic. Like with CSS, I also have knowledge in frameworks for Javascript like JQuery and
this is all related to frontend, But as a fullstack developer I work with PHP for backend in order to manipulate data between the application and
a database. However web development is not the only thing i am capable of doing. I also work with the .NET Framework and the Visual Basic programming
language for developing desktop apps. 

To wrap it up i consider myself a calm person, someone who does not fear to take challenges, My main goal is, once i finish my carreer, i would
like to work in a software development enterprise located in colombia and work there for as long os i feel my knowledge it's worthy of, but my dream is to learn
english and get all the documents needed for traveling abroad or the usa, if i ever get to be in the us, i will get a job at one of the greatest software
enterprises in the usa like google, facebook or amazon.
